remove trigger from deployment doc (#322)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: src/docs/build-deploy-and-maintain-apps/deploy-an-application.md

- **Pod Template** - Defines container specification (desired state of the pods being deployed), base image, ports and environment variables
- **Replicas** - Number of instances that should be maintained
- **Selectors** - Labels that identify the pods managed by the deployment configuration

Understanding these components is essential for correctly configuring your application's deployment. To read more about other configuration options, use `oc explain` command or this [kubernetes official documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/).

> Note that there is no **Triggers** spec in deployments, but OpenShift supports adding a trigger annotation to objects instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployments don’t have a **triggers** section in their `spec`, but OpenShift lets you add a trigger annotation to objects instead:
```

Reviewer: Let me know if this sentence makes readability better.
